B2b branding phase 1 (#7802)
auth0/docs: articles/architecture-scenarios/_includes/_branding/_introduction.md

* What do you need to do to provide additional browser security (e.g., implement Extended Validation)?
* How will you direct users in the event of errors?

Auth0 provides tremendous flexibility when it comes to customizing and configuring Auth0 pages such as [Universal Login](#universal-login-and-login-pages) and [Password Reset](#password-reset-page-customization). So you can pretty much set up whatever UX look and feel you require. For many, the out-of-the-box experience - with perhaps a little alteration - is all that's required. However, for others the value of their brand and brand awareness requires more extensive customization. This flexibility extends to not only Auth0 pages, but via extensibility can also be applied to the [email templates](/architecture-scenarios/implementation/${platform}/${platform}-branding#email-template-customization). Auth0 [Custom Domain](/architecture-scenarios/implementation/${platform}/${platform}-branding#custom-domain-naming) functionality further enhances consumer awareness by providing users with the confidence and peace of mind when it comes to safety and security. 

<% if (platform === "b2b") { %>

> If you are sharing an Auth0 tenant across multiple customer organizations, providing organizations with their own domain of users, and managing their credentials, you will need to consider how the users will know which credentials they should use and trust that this is where they should enter them. See [Branding login by organization](#branding-login-by-organization) for details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are sharing an Auth0 tenant across multiple customer organizations, providing each with their own domain of users and managing their credentials, you will need to consider how each user will know which credentials they should use - and how they will trust that they are entering them somewhere safe and secure. See [Branding login by organization](#branding-login-by-organization) for details. 
```

Author: Resolved in PR 7818
